Updating doc with the outcome on nomenclature for upgrades (#30)
onflow/Flow-Working-Groups: core_protocol_working_group/meetings/2025-02-27.md

## Key Outcomes

### 1. Categories of Flow Upgrades

It was decided to use the following naming convention for upgrades:

1. **Optional upgrades**
   
2. **Rolling upgrade with or without a deadline**
   - Node software changes that are backward compatible can be rolled out using rolling upgrades.
   - Rolling upgrade with deadline

>      - If there are component changes, then a rolling upgrade can be used where all nodes can be upgraded to the new software version.
>      - The new software vesion will include all the new component versions but they will not be used until an on-chain signal to swtich to the new version occurs.
>      - The on-chain signal will occur at a particular consensus view (view is a round of block voting).
>      - The view will be set on chain by the governance committee and is the deadline by which node operators must upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - If there are Component Version changes (for example from CV1 to CV2), then a rolling upgrade can be used where all nodes can be upgraded to the new software version.
     - The new software version will support both CV1 and CV2 but will not switch to CV2 until an on-chain Activation View is scheduled (a view is a round of block voting).
     - The Activation View will be set on-chain by the governance committee and is the deadline by which node operators must upgrade.
```
